Introduce AI.DAGEXECUTE command, AI.DAGRUN is now deprecated. (#723)
RedisAI/RedisAI: docs/commands.md

   2) "myscript:v0.1"
```

## AI.DAGEXECUTE
The **`AI.DAGEXECUTE`** command specifies a direct acyclic graph of operations to run within RedisAI.

It accepts one or more operations, split by the pipe-forward operator (`|>`).

By default, the DAG execution context is local, meaning that tensor keys appearing in the DAG only live in the scope of the command. That is, setting a tensor with `TENSORSET` will store it local memory and not set it to an actual database key. One can refer to that key in subsequent commands within the DAG, but that key won't be visible outside the DAG or to other clients - no keys are open at the database level.

Loading and persisting tensors from/to keyspace should be done explicitly. The user should specify which key tensors to load from keyspace using the `LOAD` keyword, and which command outputs to persist to the keyspace using the `PERSIST` keyspace.

As an example, if `command 1` sets a tensor, it can be referenced by any further command on the chaining.

> A `TIMEOUT t` argument can be specified to cause a request to be removed from the queue after it sits there `t` milliseconds, meaning that the client won't be interested in the result being computed after that time (`TIMEDOUT` is returned in that case). Note that individual `MODELRUN` or `SCRIPTRUN` commands within the DAG do not support `TIMEOUT`. `TIMEOUT` only applies to the `DAGRUN` request as a whole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `TIMEOUT t` argument can be specified to cause a request to be removed from the queue after it sits there `t` milliseconds, meaning that the client won't be interested in the result being computed after that time (`TIMEDOUT` is returned in that case). Note that individual `MODELEXECUTE` or `SCRIPTEXECUTE` commands within the DAG do not support `TIMEOUT`. `TIMEOUT` only applies to the `DAGRUN` request as a whole.
```

**Redis API**

```
AI.DAGEXECUTE [[LOAD <n> <key-1> <key-2> ... <key-n>] |
          [PERSIST <n> <key-1> <key-2> ... <key-n>] |
          [KEYS <n> <key-1> <key-2> ... <key-n>]]+
          [TIMEOUT t]
          |> <command> [|>  command ...]
```

_Arguments_

* **LOAD**: an optional argument, that denotes the beginning of the input tensors keys' list, followed by the number of keys, and one or more key names
* **PERSIST**: an optional argument, that denotes the beginning of the output tensors keys' list, followed by the number of keys, and one or more key names

> * **KEYS**: an optional argument, that denotes the beginning of keys' list which are used within this command, followed by the number of keys, and one or more key names. Alternately, the keys names list can be replaced with a tag which all those keys share. Redis will verify that all potential key accesses are done to the right shard.

Reviewer: Those are not optional
the DAG command must consist at least one of them

> * **TIMEOUT**: the time (in ms) after which the client is unblocked and a `TIMEDOUT` string is returned

Reviewer: This is optional

Note that LOAD, PERSIST and KEYS sections may appear at most once in the command, and that the command must contain **at least one** of these 3 keywords.
Moreover, KEYS should not be specified in `AI.SCRIPTEXECUTE` commands of the DAG. 
`AI.MODELEXECUTE` and `AI.SCRIPTEXECUTE` commands can run on models or scripts that were set on different devices. RedisAI will analyze the DAG and execute commands in parallel if they are located on different devices and their inputs are available.

_Return_

An array with an entry per command's reply. Each entry format respects the specified command reply.
In case the `DAGEXEUTE` request times out, a `TIMEDOUT` simple string is returned.

**Examples**

Assuming that running the model that's stored at 'mymodel', we define a temporary tensor 'mytensor' and use it as input, and persist only one of the two outputs - discarding 'classes' and persisting 'predictions'. In the same command return the tensor value of 'predictions'.  The following command does that:

```
redis> AI.DAGEXECUTE PERSIST 1 predictions |>
          AI.TENSORSET mytensor FLOAT 1 2 VALUES 5 10 |>
          AI.MODELEXECUTE mymodel INPUTS 1 mytensor OUTPUTS 2 classes predictions |>

>           AI.TENSORGET predictions VALUES

Reviewer: please tag the tensor, model and script keys

```

A common pattern is enqueuing multiple SCRIPTEXECUTE and MODELEXECUTE commands within a DAG. The following example uses ResNet-50,to classify images into 1000 object categories. Given that our input tensor contains each color represented as a 8-bit integer and that neural networks usually work with floating-point tensors as their input we need to cast a tensor to floating-point and normalize the values of the pixels - for that we will use `pre_process_3ch` function. 

To optimize the classification process we can use a post process script to return only the category position with the maximum classification - for that we will use `post_process` script. Using the DAG capabilities we've removed the necessity of storing the intermediate tensors in the keyspace. You can even run the entire process without storing the output tensor, as follows:

```
redis> AI.DAGEXECUTE KEYS 1 {tag} |> 
            AI.TENSORSET image UINT8 224 224 3 BLOB b'\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00\x00....' |> 
            AI.SCRIPTEXECUTE imagenet_script pre_process_3ch INPUTS 1 image OUTPUTS 1 temp_key1 |> 
            AI.MODELEXECUTE imagenet_model INPUTS 1 temp_key1 OUTPUTS 1 temp_key2 |> 

>             AI.SCRIPTEXECUTE imagenet_script post_process INPUTS 1 temp_key2 OUTPUTS 1 output |> 

Reviewer: please tag the model and script keys
